like sir bing deals have people
the hotel where you came down have
phone
someone would have forgotten his claw
in your bedroom
rachel I can borrow you tapas to if
I lost mine yes she is in
the bathroom is what I could
have a second
we have to believe that the allies oh oh oh
oh yes yes yes you and you yes but
only if we have to do it nobody
nobody knows about it and camps or
when it happened in london
so for that
if we decided not to say anything to
nobody because we did not want
make it a story
yes but it's quite a story but
I have to say nothing you shut up
either his share we do not want to have to
tell all this everyone I tell you
pray walks so you will say nothing to
hockey
yes okay
yes I too want to be with you
I will speak when I come back
search ben I would say rachel that I
I'll do the laundry an hour or two
Laundry detergent
so that's my new nature nickname
no you know him well not you
what is the most beautiful pair of kill I
a huge problem
oh well you can not get better as a
you see me I do not stop to solve
for everyone
Here you are, yes, I have to tell you
say something very important
oh yes that's what it's nice it's
really huge and you have to tell me
promise you'll never tell
nobody had then I do not want to
know what messi if you want to
know
it's really amazing I do not care
rachel listen I'm starting to get some
tired of being the one who knows all
secrets that can not told them to
nobody what what secret you are a
secret what is it but you
do not have the right to cameras I
know I know his life that the pure electro
to keep then at home will phone
joey and you remember the thing
important which I wanted to talk about but I
talk to all we can say but if
it's you who come to find all alone
it will be different then there we run on
spoke normally
okay it will be more of a secret then
yes it's true we can discuss it
and yeah yeah yeah good tell me you do not
would not have gone up to the room of
chandler and brought me the book
that he will borrow there is not very
a long time now you want me to go
in his room immediately
yeah that's something you it's
something you I know you're a
troll not passed me too I did a
what is it you do not know
it's not so much that you have not me
do not want to say what I know now
I can not do very well
you do not know anything so I'll go there
go I'll go into the room of
chandler and I'll see if the thing that
I say to see and she has the same thing
that I knew you said you know at
current rates also no of course but I
know
john the art and monique thomas believable and
how long has the 16 go
long time to my god knows that this is the
number of times I wanted to
talk about all this with someone you have to
to say anything to anyone
the story is so weird and
especially of which I tell myself that people from
the air when I will have monica time of
the harmonica dollars and 20 cases
at peyriac generic name today I
win I'm I say I yes I knew
that I know it but come we do not know
even where the street we stop and what
what happens to you
[Laughs]
it is true I greet the girls yes well
you just discovered for monica
turner
I mean they are friends and nothing
more
[Music]
no lastly she is aware or if we
was in the nude big apartment
when we saw them make love to
through bay window
in fact we rather made them to do
love how to say against progress
or so in reality they know that you
you know but he does not know that rachel is at
that's it yeah but you know
now it does not matter who
know what's enough to be at
current so we can confess
we are aware and a
story of secrets and lies
finally be finished or so we could
do not tell them we know about it and
having fun would not have lasted
Yes
girl is aware of it for both of us but
I told them nothing to me how it
the time you just told them
phoebe and joy
joey and rachel I was planning on
you talk about it but they made me
promise not to say anything common sense I
am really sorry but everything is
finished now you go to them
explain that you know they know
and I will become again the one who does not
absolutely nothing at all
no no no we do not wait a second
it must stop right now
but yes we are great and she
think they'll have us but the
thing is, they do not know that
we know they know what they
do weight a reason now the
blues will become the blues and where to play
do they know we are
in the know no jo and they know you
know I knew it starts to get on my nerves
these two there if they believe they're going
succeed and have us but then there they
do not know well in time they do not
do not know we know they know
advice us
and you wish you have the right to
to say nothing you know me I'm a
falls
good I believe that there is only one
thing to do to pass us by
be careful we left our first
kiss
that's okay this is my bobonne years ago
you have won you have won
I do not want to make love to you and
why because I'm in love with
monique what the young is
like that I'm in love with her
i'm in love with her i love you
also said I love you
I thought I only prayed to you
have sex together that you were
in love it's good listening hat
weakened formidable opponent
yes if I can afford your
chest or even to the air
and then that's it is it's over
everyone is aware no ross does not
know nothing because yes we would like that
no one talks to him about him
no but skull but what is it
that you do it is and no
massage